README.md, before:

Django Error Helper LLDB Command
================================

This handful of python scripts is intended to be used as a new LLDB command for conveniently delivering a received Django error in a browser.

The intended purpose is to setup a break point with a break point action from within a project (like an iOS app). The breakpoint should be placed at a point when Django returns to your project a response string. This response string should be saved into a variable named `data` in order for this function to work without changes. The breakpoint action should be setup to call the debugger command `dde` ("Deliver Django Error"). Installation details below.

This new LLDB command then searches for the variable named `data`. If such a variable is found and if it contains an html tag then the function will save the html file to the desktop and open the document with a browser.

For more information on using the lldb debugger I highly recommend watching [WWDC session videos on LLDB](https://developer.apple.com/wwdc/videos/) and also checking out the [LLDB documentation](http://lldb.llvm.org)

Enjoy!

==============

### To install: ###

1. Save all the files to your `~/Documents` directory.
2. Move the .lldbinit file to your `~` directory. Start Xcode.
3. From Xcode create a breakpoint where you receive a Django response to a variable named `data`. Add a breakpoint action to this breakpoint: debugger command `dde`.

Commit message:

updated readme with command line breakpoint instructions

README.md, after:

Django Error Helper LLDB Command
================================

This handful of python scripts is intended to be used as a new LLDB command for conveniently delivering a received Django error in a browser.

The intended purpose is to setup a break point with a break point action from within a project (like an iOS app). The breakpoint should be placed at a point when Django returns to your project a response string. This response string should be saved into a variable named `data` in order for this function to work without changes. The breakpoint action should be setup to call the debugger command `dde` ("Deliver Django Error"). Installation details below.

This new LLDB command then searches for the variable named `data`. If such a variable is found and if it contains an html tag then the function will save the html file to the desktop and open the document with a browser.

For more information on using the lldb debugger I highly recommend watching [WWDC session videos on LLDB](https://developer.apple.com/wwdc/videos/) and also checking out the [LLDB documentation](http://lldb.llvm.org)

Enjoy!

==============

### To install: ###

1. Save all the files to your `~/Documents` directory.
2. Move the .lldbinit file to your `~` directory. Start Xcode.
3. From Xcode create a breakpoint where you receive a Django response to a variable named `data`. Add a breakpoint action to this breakpoint: debugger command `dde`. I recommend added a breakpoint and breakpoing action from Xcode but you can also add this breakpoint and breakpoint action from the command line. Below is an example of adding the breakpoint in our project.

```
(lldb) breakpoint set --file BoomsetDoormanOrientationViewController.m --line 581
Breakpoint 11: where = Checkin`-[BoomsetDoormanOrientationViewController doneGuestlistStatus:] + 311 at BoomsetDoormanOrientationViewController.m:585, address = 0x00075047
(lldb) breakpoint command add 11
Enter your debugger command(s).  Type 'DONE' to end.
> dde
> DONE
We did not receive a response from the server that included the string <!DOCTYPE html> so I do not think we received a Django Error.
(lldb) 
```
